Zhang Qiang
Did you just hit me with your right hand?
Zhang Qiang, you are still a man
Mr. Huang will lend you some more money to buy rough stones later.
Why are you so professional?
Just help me choose a few more stones later.
Director Xu, er, brother
I lost a lot when I bought two rocks just now.
You see, I'm willing to admit defeat
Can you help me choose two pieces too?
Ah!
Brother Tao
Mr. Huang
Brother Tao, Brother Tao
Brother Tao, I really didn't follow the wrong person
Just turn around
The stones in here are worth at least 300 million.
The hadrons are all from Mr. Huang, and the stones are chosen by me.
So it's not that I can do without you
That's right, you're a bag carrier
He's not carrying his purse.
I've already made an appointment to pick up these stones.
Weirdly heavy
Just wait for me here.
Chen Xuyao, you are with me
Is there a new mission?